don't. Okay, So what gets romanticized about being in the Navy That that
really isn't that great? So I'd have to say in my own in my own case,
um, you know, trying to balance the good at the demands of being
at sea with a family. And I had personally, you know, my daughter
was born and I went away for the 1st 10 months of her life. And then
I came back and I finished my seat, or I went to my short tour, and
I qualified as an exile for ages cruisers, command of a small boy.
My son was born and they wanted to send me back to have to see for another
four years. So the radishes, um there at kind of a one off. At
that point, I had done everything I wanted to do. I qualified for
command. See, I had been there on the job. I've seen the world that
I've been in every ocean on the planet, so I was not ready. I have the
cheers between you know, my family and being my love, the Navy on
I married my wife, so I decided to stay with the family. But I will
say I did go into the reserves. I was able to finish out by 12 years
in the reserves and have a 30 year career. So it gets hard. That's
a decision that everyone has to make individually. Um, and there's
no way around it. It's just a decision that you have to make when those
trolls are born and you will have Children. Presumably, you know,
in a 30 year career you may get married and have Children.